Document keystore and authentication for validator API (#357)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Reference/Rest_API/Rest.md

## Enable the validator client API

The [validator client API](../../HowTo/External-Signer/Manage-keys.md) allows you to call the [key manager API endpoints]((https://ethereum.github.io/keymanager-APIs/))
and is enabled separately from the REST API methods.

> Enable the validator client API service from the command line by setting the
> [`--validator-api-enabled`](../CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#validator-api-enabled) command line option to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the validator client API service from the command line by including the
[`--validator-api-enabled`](../CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#validator-api-enabled) command line option.
```

As in your examples, it seems including the option is sufficient to enable it (without explicitly setting to `true`). If so, can you also update the option description?

Author: I updated here to match the example. I left the option description for now. We use both formats (`enabled` only and `enabled=true`) interchangeably for `metrics-enabled` and `rest-api-enabled` as well. Do you think we should we make them all consistent and leave off (or add) the `=true` for all of them, or leave as is?  Both ways function and I think it's intuitive enough for people to grasp, so I think it's okay to leave as is, but I can open another PR to update and clarify that both work if you think that makes the most sense.

Reviewer: Ok, it's probably fine to leave as is. Thanks!

When enabling the validator client API, you must [create a keystore](../../HowTo/External-Signer/Manage-keys.md#create-a-keystore).
Set the keystore using [`--validator-api-keystore-file`](../CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#validator-api-keystore-file)
and the password file for the keystore using [`--validator-api-keystore-password-file`](../CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#validator-api-keystore-password-file).

!!! example

    ```bash

>     teku --validator-validator-api-enabled --validator-api-keystore-file=validator_keystore.p12 --validator-api-keystore-password-file=validator_keystore_pass.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    teku --validator-api-enabled --validator-api-keystore-file=validator_keystore.p12 --validator-api-keystore-password-file=validator_keystore_pass.txt
```
